blog: meet our contributors APAC China region (#314)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/blog/2022/meet-our-contributors-APAC-China-region-03.md

---
layout: blog
title: "Meet Our Contributors - APAC (China region)"

> date: 2022-07-11

Reviewer: How about we update this article (and its mirror) to publish on August 15th?

Author: @sftim Sure. Some suggestions on the k/website PR are still not resolved, so I was waiting for the SIG Docs members to comment on those but it's been weeks now. I'll make some minor changes and prepare the article and the mirror to get published on August 15th now.

slug: meet-our-contributors-china-ep-03

> canonicalUrl: https://www.kubernetes.dev/blog/2022/07/11/meet-our-contributors-chn-ep-03/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
You set a `canonicalUrl` on the **mirror** of the article, and you don't set this field on the original.

---
layout: blog
title: "Meet Our Contributors - APAC (China region)"
date: 2022-06-11
slug: meet-our-contributors-chn-ep-03
---

**Authors & Interviewers:** [Avinesh Tripathi](https://github.com/AvineshTripathi), [Debabrata Panigrahi](https://github.com/Debanitrkl), [Jayesh Srivastava](https://github.com/jayesh-srivastava), [Priyanka Saggu](https://github.com/Priyankasaggu11929/), [Purneswar Prasad](https://github.com/PurneswarPrasad), [Vedant Kakde](https://github.com/vedant-kakde)

---

> Good day, everyone 👋

Author: Yeah makes sense. I'll change this to a simple 'Hello'.

Welcome back to the third episode of the "Meet Our Contributors" blog post series for APAC.

This post features four outstanding contributors from  China, who have played diverse leadership and community roles in the upstream Kubernetes project.

So, without further ado, let's get straight to the blog.

## [Andy Zhang](https://github.com/andyzhangx)

Andy Zhang currently works for Microsoft China at the Shanghai site. His main focus is on Kubernetes storage drivers. Andy started contributing to Kubernetes about 5 years ago.

He states that as he is working in Azure Kubernetes Service team and spends most of his time contributing to the Kubernetes community project. Now he is the main contributor of quite a lot Kubernetes projects such as Kubernetes cloud provider projects.

> His open source contributions are mainly self motivated. In the last two years he has mentored a few students contributing to Kubernetes through the LFX Mentorship who later on got jobs due to their expertise and contributions on Kubernetes projects. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
His open source contributions are mainly self-motivated. In the last two years he has mentored a few students contributing to Kubernetes through the LFX Mentorship program, some of whom got jobs due to their expertise and contributions on Kubernetes projects. 
```

Andy is an active member of the China Kubernetes community. He adds that the Kubernetes community has a good guide about how to become members, code reviewers, approvers and finally when he found out that some open source projects are in the very early stage, he actively contributed to those projects and became the project maintainer.

## [Shiming Zhang](https://github.com/wzshiming)

Shiming Zhang is a Software Engineer with DaoCloud in Shanghai, China. 

He has mostly been involved with `SIG Node` as a reviewer.

> As of his prior experience in this project, Shiming has been involved with Kubernetes at his company. His major contributions have mainly been bug fixes and feature improvements in an ongoing [KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/2712-pod-priority-based-graceful-node-shutdown), all revolving around SIG Node.

Author: This was the response to, 'Have you worked with Kubernetes before?'. IMO, we can keep this, after some minor adjustments.
`As of his prior experience, Shiming had been involved with Kubernetes at his company`

> As of his prior experience in this project, Shiming has been involved with Kubernetes at his company. His major contributions have mainly been bug fixes and feature improvements in an ongoing [KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/2712-pod-priority-based-graceful-node-shutdown), all revolving around SIG Node.

Reviewer 2: Still doesn't parse, sorry.  You've already mentioned his employer; what does this sentence add, at all, to the story?

> As of his prior experience in this project, Shiming has been involved with Kubernetes at his company. His major contributions have mainly been bug fixes and feature improvements in an ongoing [KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/2712-pod-priority-based-graceful-node-shutdown), all revolving around SIG Node.

Reviewer 2: (specifically, "as of his prior experience" is not grammatical, to the point where it's not clear what meaning is intended.  I'd replace it with something else, but as I say above, you've already mentioned his company, so the whole sentence feels repetitive)

> As of his prior experience in this project, Shiming has been involved with Kubernetes at his company. His major contributions have mainly been bug fixes and feature improvements in an ongoing [KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/2712-pod-priority-based-graceful-node-shutdown), all revolving around SIG Node.

Author: > Still doesn't parse, sorry. You've already mentioned his employer; what does this sentence add, at all, to the story?
Besides mentioning the employer, we have to talk about how the contributor started with Kubernetes/was involved with Kubernetes. Hence the sentence. If you can suggest any other way of including the sentence that would be great.

Some of his major PRs are [fixing watchForLockfileContention memory leak](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/100326), [fixing startupProbe behaviour](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/101093), [adding Field status.hostIPs for Pod](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/pull/2661).

## [Paco Xu](https://github.com/pacoxu)

Paco Xu works at DaoCloud, a Shanghai-based cloud-native firm. He works with the infra and the open source team, focusing on enterprise cloud native platforms based on Kubernetes.

He started with Kubernetes in early 2017 and his first contribution was in March 2018. He started with a bug that he found, but his solution was not that graceful, hence wasn't accepted. He then started with some good first issues, which helped him to a great extent. In addition to this, from 2016 to 2017, he made some minor contributions to Docker.

> Currently, Paco is a reviewer for `kubeadm` and `SIG Node`. He states that the maintainers have helped him a lot in learning and contributing to the project. According to him, the best thing one can do is to learn how the owners work on the project.

Author: @jberkus So I pinged Jintao, for more context to this statement. This is his reply.
`At present, there are many open-source commercialization companies.
For example, I am working on [API7.ai](http://api7.ai/), of course there are many well known companies like HashiCorp, MongoDB, Docker Inc. etc. In these companies, full-time open source positions are often offered. Engineers can focus on open source projects and communities. And for these companies, open source projects and communities are the cornerstone of their success. So they will be more willing to invest in this`

How should we accommodate this into the blog response?

Paco also emphasizes on contributing to an open source project if one is using it. For him, an open source project is like a book to learn. One can learn a lot from an open source project and get inspirisions during disucussions with the project maintainers.

## [Jintao Zhang](https://github.com/tao12345666333)

Jintao Zhang is presently employed at API7, where he focuses on ingress and service mesh.

In 2017, he encountered an issue which led to a community discussion and his contributions to Kubernetes started. Before contributing to Kubernetes, Jintao was a long-time contributor to Docker-related open source projects. 

Currently Jintao is a reviewer for the `Ingress-nginx` project.

> He suggests to follow open source commercial companies, if one wants to do open source full-time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.

Author: Maybe following them on socials and trying to understand their projects and stuff. I don't really know what this means.

> He suggests to follow open source commercial companies, if one wants to do open source full-time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.

Reviewer 2: Need to figure that out, then, before we can publish.

> He suggests to follow open source commercial companies, if one wants to do open source full-time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.

Reviewer 2: This still needs to either be fixed, or cut.  Thanks!

> He suggests to follow open source commercial companies, if one wants to do open source full-time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.

Author: @jberkus Do you have any suggestions for this as well?

> He suggests to follow open source commercial companies, if one wants to do open source full-time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.

Reviewer 2: No, because I have no idea what was meant by it.  Did you query Jintao?

> He suggests to follow open source commercial companies, if one wants to do open source full-time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.

Reviewer 2: Hey, this feedback is still unresolved, which is why we have not published.

> He suggests to follow open source commercial companies, if one wants to do open source full-time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.

Author: @jberkus I don't know how but my comment got deleted which consisted of Jintao's response to this.

So I pinged him regarding this to provide more context to his statement. He says
`At present, there are many open source commercialization companies.
For example I am working on [API7.ai](http://api7.ai/), of course there are many well known companies like HashiCorp, MongoDB, Docker Inc. etc. In these companies, full-time open source positions are often offered. Engineers can focus on open source projects and communities. And for these companies, open source projects and communities are the cornerstone of their success. So they will be more willing to invest in this`

How should we accommodate this into the blog?

> He suggests to follow open source commercial companies, if one wants to do open source full-time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
He suggests keeping track of job opportunities at open source companies so that you can get a job contributing full time. For new contributors Jintao says that if anyone wants to make a significant contribution to an open source project, then they should choose the project based on their interests and should generously invest time.
```

Andy Zhang currently works for Microsoft China at the Shanghai site. His main focus is on Kubernetes storage drivers. Andy started contributing to Kubernetes about 5 years ago.

He states that as he is working in Azure Kubernetes Service team and spends most of his time contributing to the Kubernetes community project. Now he is the main contributor of quite a lot Kubernetes projects such as Kubernetes cloud provider projects.

His open source contributions are mainly self-motivated. In the last two years he has mentored a few students contributing to Kubernetes through the LFX Mentorship program, some of whom got jobs due to their expertise and contributions on Kubernetes projects.

Andy is an active member of the China Kubernetes community. He adds that the Kubernetes community has a good guide about how to become members, code reviewers, approvers and finally when he found out that some open source projects are in the very early stage, he actively contributed to those projects and became the project maintainer.

## [Shiming Zhang](https://github.com/wzshiming)

Shiming Zhang is a Software Engineer with DaoCloud in Shanghai, China. 

> He has mostly been involved with `SIG Node` as a reviewer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He has mostly been involved with SIG Node, as a reviewer.
```

> Shiming Zhang is a Software Engineer with DaoCloud in Shanghai, China. 
> 
> He has mostly been involved with SIG Node, as a reviewer.
> 
> As of his prior experience, Shiming had been involved with Kubernetes at his company. His major contributions have mainly been bug fixes and feature improvements in an ongoing [KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/2712-pod-priority-based-graceful-node-shutdown), all revolving around SIG Node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shiming Zhang is a Software Engineer working on Kubernetes for DaoCloud in Shanghai, China.

He has mostly been involved with SIG Node, as a reviewer. His major contributions have mainly been bug fixes and feature improvements in an ongoing [KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-node/2712-pod-priority-based-graceful-node-shutdown), all revolving around SIG Node.
```

Reviewer 2: This is my suggested re-write to eliminate the problematic sentence.

Author: @jberkus Done!

Author: @jberkus Done!

Some of his major PRs are [fixing watchForLockfileContention memory leak](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/100326), [fixing startupProbe behaviour](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/101093), [adding Field status.hostIPs for Pod](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/pull/2661).

## [Paco Xu](https://github.com/pacoxu)

Paco Xu works at DaoCloud, a Shanghai-based cloud-native firm. He works with the infra and the open source team, focusing on enterprise cloud native platforms based on Kubernetes.

He started with Kubernetes in early 2017 and his first contribution was in March 2018. He started with a bug that he found, but his solution was not that graceful, hence wasn't accepted. He then started with some good first issues, which helped him to a great extent. In addition to this, from 2016 to 2017, he made some minor contributions to Docker.

> Currently, Paco is a reviewer for `kubeadm` and `SIG Node`. He states that the maintainers have helped him a lot in learning and contributing to the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Paco is a reviewer for `kubeadm` (a SIG Cluster Lifecycle product), and for SIG Node.
He states that the maintainers have helped him a lot in learning and contributing to the Kubernetes project.
```
?

Paco says that you should contribute to open source projects you use. For him, an open source project is like a book to learn, getting inspired through discussions with the project maintainers.

> In my opinion, the best way for me is learning how owners work on the project.

## [Jintao Zhang](https://github.com/tao12345666333)

Jintao Zhang is presently employed at API7, where he focuses on ingress and service mesh.

In 2017, he encountered an issue which led to a community discussion and his contributions to Kubernetes started. Before contributing to Kubernetes, Jintao was a long-time contributor to Docker-related open source projects. 

> Currently Jintao is a reviewer for the `Ingress-nginx` project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently Jintao is a reviewer for the [ingress-nginx](https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/) project.
```
